Update Readme (#9)
DevExpress-Examples/How-to-display-a-summary-for-each-level-in-TreeList: README.md

[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/📖_How_to_use_DevExpress_Examples-e9f6fc?style=flat-square)](https://docs.devexpress.com/GeneralInformation/403183)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/💬_Leave_Feedback-feecdd?style=flat-square)](#does-this-example-address-your-development-requirementsobjectives)
<!-- default badges end -->

> # DevExtreme TreeList - Display a Summary for Each Node Branch

Reviewer: Something is not right with "node branch". What do you think about "group"?

Author: "Branch" is the more technically correct term though, what if we eliminate "node" instead? "Display a Summary for Each Branch"

> This example displays custom summary rows for each node branch in the DevExtreme [TreeList](https://js.devexpress.com/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/TreeList/Overview/) hierarchy. These rows display the number of descendant nodes (first-level and indirect child nodes) for individual branches.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example displays custom summary rows for each branch in the DevExtreme [TreeList](https://js.devexpress.com/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/TreeList/Overview/) hierarchy. These rows display the number of descendant nodes (first-level and indirect child nodes) for individual branches.
```

}
```

> To style summary rows, this example defines a custom `isSummary` option in appended [node objects](https://js.devexpress.com/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeList/Node/). [onRowPrepared](https://js.devexpress.com/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeList/Configuration/#onRowPrepared) is configured to use this custom option to add the `summary-row` class to summary nodes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To apply styles to summary rows, define a custom `isSummary` option in appended [node objects](https://js.devexpress.com/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeList/Node/). The  [onRowPrepared](https://js.devexpress.com/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeList/Configuration/#onRowPrepared) event handler uses this custom option to add a `summary-row` class to summary nodes:
```

```JavaScript
onRowPrepared(e) {
    if (e.rowType === 'data' && e.node?.isSummary) {
        e.rowElement.addClass('summary-row');
    }
},
```

> [!Note]
> - This implementation does not support selection and remote operations.

> > - This approach does not modify or require modifications to the TreeList data source.

Reviewer: I think we can remove this line

Author: One of the key improvements our support team added to this example (as part of this update) is the elimination of the need to modify the component's data source. Consequently, this is an important point to maintain in this note.

Reviewer: I understand that. But imagine if we were updating a list of limitations in docs: we would have simply removed the line with a limitation.
